# Project-Intro-To-Python
# For my project, I am going to do question 4.21 from Dasgupta's Algorithms.  There are 3 levels to this problem, first an proof of concept of the algorithm, applying it to some old currency exchange rate.
# The next level would be having the algorithm download new data every 15 minutes or so and updating itself.
# Finally you could have the program constantly running downloading new data and calculating the most effieicnt/ profitable route for trading currencies.
# This project did not turn out exactly how I wanted, but I am happy with the result, rather than applying my algorithms to data, which was hard to find in a usuable form, my algorithms are to be applied to randomly generated exchange rates and finds both shortest paths and potential arbitrage opportunities.
# Python libraries 'networkX' and 'matplotlib.plotpy' were invaluable when working through this project, but it certainly could have beend one without them.
# Here is a link to the youtube video explaining most of my code, [https://youtu.be/j76a7MVrhwU](https://youtu.be/j3l87ks1mrA)

# Challenges with this project were minor, but felt incredibly major.  For example representing graphs in python was not something I was prepared for and to have found more than one way through research, the dictionaries and networkX application, really made me proud of myself.  I also really struggled with the algorithms, both figuring out how to move through a graph in the way I wanted, then applying them, then applying the right one.  I believe I state in the video that I thought I would just be able to use a Dijkstra Algorithm as it finds the shortest path, then I encountered negative values, so I had to learn about Bellman-Ford Algorithms, then I learned BF Algorithms can't handle negative cycles, and I learned about the Johnson Algorithm and admittedly I didn't think it would be that difficult.  

# It is super rewarding not succeding for like 4 hours then realizing you forgot to add 'line =' before a line.strip().split(',') and seeing your code work after.  Things like that were my favorite part of this project, there was so much failure for hours to debug and get to work I really enjoyed it.  I also loved applying all the libraries I did, like I said, I had no idea how I was going to represent a graph in python and an hour into watching videos about graph theory in python and I feel like this would have made my math education way easier if I had taken this class and done this assignment freshman year rather than senior year.

# Mistakes that I made were simply mathematical, for example A to B could have weight 2 and B to A 1/2, but the path between them should be the same, but obviously 1/2 =/= 2.  So realizing logarithms fixed my issue was especially satisfying.  I did this project over the span of 3 days and spent all day doing it all 3 days so honestly a lot of my issues and mistakes are blocked out as a bit of a trauma response, but there were definetly more than just the logarithm realization.
